---
ID: 1303
post_title: 'Protected: Editing Missionary &#038; Ministry Posts/Pages'
author: pdouglasFBC
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  http://fbcchelsea.org/editing-missionary-ministry-postspages/
published: true
post_date: 2015-05-12 15:54:38
---
<h3>OVERVIEW:</h3><ul><li>Login to the website at <a href="http://fbcchelsea.org/wp-admin">http://fbcchelsea.org/wp-admin</a></li><li>On the left side is the <strong>"Admin Menu" </strong>- hover over <strong>"Posts".</strong></li><li>Pages and Posts are closely related however, administrators will be using 'Posts' so that they can direct where the content they create is populated on the website.</li><li>While hovering on 'Posts' click <strong>"Add New"</strong></li><li>Look for <em>"Enter title here"</em> and enter a title - it can be anything you want.</li><li>Below the title input box is the <span style="color: #ff0000;">TinyMCE</span> ( this is the area where you will input the content you want in each of your 'posts' ) </li><li>Be sure that you click on the <strong>"Visual"</strong> tab on the right. Caveat: use "Text" tab only if you are familiar with HTML and CSS code.</li><li>Use the TinyMCE user interface like you would Microsoft Word. I have added a lot of features so that the post can be styled many different ways.</li><li>Once you have finished laying out your content, changing font sizes and adding "style" to the post, find the "Categories" interface on the right.</li><li>Check the boxes where you would like your content to be placed. i.e. checking the box next to Elaine Rogers will put the content you just created into her Missionary Updates Page.</li><li>The final step is to click on "Publish" -you're done</li></ul><h3><a href="http://fbcchelsea.org/embedding-documents/" target="_blank">Embedding Documents Instructional</a></h3><h3>POST DATING:</h3><h5>You can post date the content you want to embed into the website by going to the right side of the posts page and finding the "Publish immediately" text. Click on "Edit" to schedule your post in the future.</h5><h3>EDITING:</h3><h5>You can edit your post at anytime. If you are signed into the website, just navigate to the page or post and click "Edit". This opens the TinyMCE. Make edits. Click Update</h5><h5>If you want to edit the entire Page you can do that by navigating to that page and finding Edit Page in the top bar of the webpage.</h5><h6><strong>NOTICE: This website was designed to have 'Posts' placed in one of over 30 "Blogs" I have created in order for individual leaders to manipulate their individual or collective Missionary/Ministry Pages.</strong></h6><h3>REVISIONS</h3><h5>If you find yourself wondering what changes you've made or if you made a mistake, I have activated the Autosave function for Revisions. Above the 'Published on' date is the "Revisions" button. Click on Browse. Here you can compare side-by-side your revisions from previous states-of-the-post/page. The window now displays your previous version of the post/page on the left in red and the current post/page on the right in green. You can use the slider at the top to scroll through previous versions and compare changes. When you are ready, click Restore This Autosave.</h5><h5>This is a brief overview.  For convenience use the print button below.</h5><h5>[printfriendly]</h5><p>&nbsp;</p><p><a href="http://fbcchelsea.org/embedding-documents/">NEXT INSTRUCTION PAGE</a> Embedding Documents</p>