---
ID: 4841
post_title: Welcome Visitor
author: pdouglasFBC
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://fbcchelsea.org/welcome-visitor/
published: true
post_date: 2016-07-04 14:55:51
---
<p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><span style="font-size: 18pt;">Dear Visitor,</span> </span><br /><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><span style="font-size: 18pt;"> Thank you for choosing to join us today at Faith Baptist Church of Chelsea. We are delighted to have you with us as we strive to glorify our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, worshiping Him and lifting Him up as the only hope for a lost and dying world.</span> </span></p><p><br /><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><span style="font-size: 18pt;"> We preach fervently from the King James Bible and believe that it is the perfect and inerrant Word of God which serves as our final authority in all matters of faith and life.</span> </span></p><p><br /><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><span style="font-size: 18pt;"> We preach Jesus Christ and His death, burial and resurrection. He is alive today and living in the repentant believer's heart, ever interceding on our behalf before the Father.</span> </span></p><blockquote class="eye-catcher"><span style="font-size: 24pt;">We preach Jesus Christ and His death, burial and resurrection. He is alive today and living in the repentant believer’s heart, ever interceding on our behalf before the Father.</span></blockquote><p><span style="font-size: 18pt;">If you have never experienced the tender mercy and grace of God in your own life, we would love the opportunity to introduce you to our Redeemer. </span><br /><br /><span style="font-size: 18pt;"> Please make yourself right at home, enjoy the service and fellowship, and if there is anything that we can do to make your visit more complete, please let us know. Again, thank you for being with us today. </span><br /><br /><span style="font-size: 18pt;"> Prayerfully,</span><br /><span style="font-size: 18pt;"> Pastor Summers</span><br /><span style="font-size: 14pt;"> <a title="For more about Pastor Summers Visit His Website" href="http://pastoradamsummers.org" target="_blank">PastorAdamSummers.org</a> </span></p><blockquote class="eye-catcher"><span style="font-size: 24pt;">I would like to thank you for visiting our website today. There is much to see but I hope you found everything you needed while you were here. If I can ever be a blessing to you in any way, or, if you would just like to talk, please call or email me anytime.</span></blockquote>